See that? He was putting on his pants, and I stopped him. So you just watch your step, mister ... dammit.
How'd you get life insurance, Lana? Don't they know you're in the danger zone?
Lana. Lana. Lana? LANA! Danger zone.
Hey Cyril. Cyril. CYRIL! I'm saving Lana, as usual!
I'm gonna pain you dearly Woodhouse, when I peel all your skin off with a flencing knife, sew it into Woodhouse-pajamas, and then set those pajamas on fire!
I'm not saying I invented the turtleneck. But I was the first person to realize its potential as a tactical garment. The tactical turtleneck! The... tactleneck!
You better call Kenny Loggins. 'Cause you're in the danger zone.
Cyril, I paid her, I get to carry her corpse.
I'm getting my turtleneck. I'm not defusing a bomb in this!
If you want breakfast you should try the diner; you're obviously into greek. Get it?
No, no, turn it on. I can do both.
Can I offer you a drink? How about this expensive prostitute?
God, everything makes you uncomfortable. Just the tip?
Lying is like 95% of what I do.
Karate? The Dane Cook of martial arts? No, ISIS agents use Krav Maga.
Hey, I know you're upset, but if you ever mention my mother's loins or their frothiness to me again, I don't know what I'll do ... but it will be bad. Now let's go bury this dead hooker.
And your shoes! Because how hard is it to poach a goddamn egg properly? Seriously, that's like Eggs 101, Woodhouse.
Cyril, come on. Worst case scenario, her cover got blown and Skorpio's raping her senseless before he chops her battered corpse into fish food. What? I said worst case.
Hey, we're out there risking our lives every—many of the days!
No Cyril, when they're dead, they're just hookers!
Hm? Sorry I was picturing Whore Island.
I have to go, but if I find one dog hair when I come back I'll rub sand into your dead little eyes. I also need you to buy sand. I don't know if they grade it, but ... coarse.
If you let me into the mainframe, I'll drop these donuts. And then you can pretend you're a hungry hungry ... hungry hippo.
Can't or won't?
You know, I bet there's a lesson to be learned from all this, but I ... oh shit, my rug!
Woodhouse, we got any lube? Like even olive oil at this point would ... help me get that drawer unstuck.
You know, when I was little I used to pretend that you weren't my mother.
You're gay! I mean, I am, too. We're both gay.
Mine always said, "Sterling, come in here and check me for lumps." Holy shit, was that out loud?
Hey. Hey, proposition: first person to untie me, guy or gal, I will let him or her give me a handy. Come on, let's share the milk of human kindness!
No, no, it's Woodhouse! He's all tied up somewhere, sc-scared and alone! And possibly dehydrated!
If I stop drinking all at once, I'm afraid the cumulative hangover will kill me.
Those cannot be your only shoes. What am I saying? It's Russia. People probably come from miles around just to get their picture taken in those
He'll have an unexpected dinner guest, who, may be his son. And for dessert, we will have the truth. You hear that mother? After lifetimes of your secrets and lies, we will finally have the truth! Oh and hopefully shit loads of vodka.
Oh, rocket launchers. My car is slowing down for no apparent reason. Just must be out of... carburetor
Can you not rub your dick in my mother's pantyhose, please?
I've broken into way tougher places, right? Well, not without my turtleneck...
Gummi bears all around! I'll eat hers if she doesn't have uhh teeth
Guess how many pygmies died cutting it down? Hint: six
Well, you did threaten to stick a knife up his dick hole.
That so hard? Count Snackula.
Shoot him Cyril! But just him. I think the twins are warming up to me. Right? Am I getting some signals?
What! Who's there!? What do you want!? Because all your gonna get is holes...Uh.. I mean... holes in you... not my holes...
Oh my god, you like, sneeze glitter!
